I think with all things being equal, I think the best way to do it is
to go to college earlier than later. Um, there's nothing wrong with
going to college later. And in fact, sometimes your experience and the
things you have gone through makes you appreciate it more. But I
think going to college earlier sometimes limits maybe the other things,
that responsibility that you may have later in life. For instance,
I went to college and I had Children. I went to college. I had two
Children at the time, and I went to graduate school. Had four Children
at the time, so the responsibility was greater is a little more
difficult, but it also gave me a different view of how I how I learned
and the importance I put upon it.